chore: add upper bound to `autoray` version requirement to unblock CI (#8110)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Internal changes ⚙️</h3>

> * Update source code to accommodate newly released `autoray==0.8.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update `autoray.NumpyMimic` with `autoray.AutoNamespace` in `math` to accommodate newly released `autoray==0.8.0`.
```
